double density
double color
double color_speed
double animate
double opacity
double vis_adjusted
int padding
int precalc_angles_flag
int precalc_atan_xy_flag
int precalc_atan_yx_flag
double has_preblur
int has_post
double blob_low
double blob_high
double blob_waves
double pdj_a
double pdj_b
double pdj_c
double pdj_d
double fan2_x
double fan2_y
double rings2_val
double perspective_angle
double perspective_dist
double julian_power
double julian_dist
double juliascope_power
double juliascope_dist
double radial_blur_angle
double pie_slices
double pie_rotation
double pie_thickness
double ngon_sides
double ngon_power
double ngon_circle
double ngon_corners
double curl_c1
double curl_c2
double rectangles_x
double rectangles_y
double amw_amp
double disc2_rot
double disc2_twist
double super_shape_rnd
double super_shape_m
double super_shape_n1
double super_shape_n2
double super_shape_n3
double super_shape_holes
double flower_petals
double flower_holes
double conic_eccentricity
double conic_holes
double parabola_height
double parabola_width
double bent2_x
double bent2_y
double bipolar_shift
double cell_size
double cpow_r
double cpow_i
double cpow_power
double curve_xamp
double curve_yamp
double curve_xlength
double curve_ylength
double escher_beta
double lazysusan_spin
double lazysusan_space
double lazysusan_twist
double lazysusan_x
double lazysusan_y
double modulus_x
double modulus_y
double oscope_separation
double oscope_frequency
double oscope_amplitude
double oscope_damping
double popcorn2_x
double popcorn2_y
double popcorn2_c
double separation_x
double separation_xinside
double separation_y
double separation_yinside
double split_xsize
double split_ysize
double splits_x
double splits_y
double stripes_space
double stripes_warp
double wedge_angle
double wedge_hole
double wedge_count
double wedge_swirl
double wedge_julia_angle
double wedge_julia_count
double wedge_julia_power
double wedge_julia_dist
double wedge_sph_angle
double wedge_sph_count
double wedge_sph_hole
double wedge_sph_swirl
double whorl_inside
double whorl_outside
double waves2_freqx
double waves2_scalex
double waves2_freqy
double waves2_scaley
double auger_sym
double auger_weight
double auger_freq
double auger_scale
double flux_spread
double mobius_re_a
double mobius_im_a
double mobius_re_b
double mobius_im_b
double mobius_re_c
double mobius_im_c
double mobius_re_d
double mobius_im_d
double persp_vsin
double persp_vfcos
double julian_rN
double julian_cn
double juliascope_rN
double juliascope_cn
double wedgeJulia_rN
double wedgeJulia_cn
double wedgeJulia_cf
double radialBlur_spinvar
double radialBlur_zoomvar
double waves_dx2
double waves_dy2
double disc2_sinadd
double disc2_cosadd
double disc2_timespi
double super_shape_pm_4
double super_shape_pneg1_n1
